# Real-time-MiniSeed-plot
Using ObsPy to plot Near Real Time MiniSeed waveform from seedlink server from a station channel
En
This code will help you visualize the seismic waveform resulting from the MiniSeed data packets. The waveform color in PLot was set to dark color and the seismic signal line display interval was set to 60 seconds. Replace the server used for testing with your server address for optimal results. To use this code, it is necessary to install Python 3.8.10 or higher and the program is initialized using the command python3 seismograph.py or python seismograph.py depending on the existing Python version on your computer. The amplitude of the signal is automatic and changes automatically depending on the amplitude of the packets received from the server through the "ax.autoscale_view()" code sequence. To manually change the amplitude on the Plot, add below the following code sequence: "x.set_ylim(-20, 20)"


Ro
Acest cod va ajuta sa vizualizati forma de unda seismica rezultata din pachetele de date MiniSeed. Culoarea formei de unda din PLot a fost setata la culoarea intunecata iar intervalul de afisare a liniei semnalului seismic a fost setat la un interval de 60 secunde. Inlocuiti server-ul utilizat pentru testare cu adresa serverului dumneavoastra pentru rezultate optime. Pentru utilizarea acestui cod este necesara instalarea Pyhton 3.8.10 sau mai mare iar programul se initializeaza folosind comanda python3 seismograph.py sau python seismograph.py in functie de versiunea Python existenta pe calculatorul dumneavoastra. Amplitudinea semnalului este automata si se automodifica in functie de amplitudinea pachetelor primite de la server prin secventa de cod "ax.autoscale_view()". Pentru a modifica manual amplitudinea pe Plot adaugati dedesubt secventa de cod urmatoare: "x.set_ylim(-20, 20)"
